Updates internals and extensions chapters (#268)
hadley/ggplot2-book: internals.Rmd

grid::grid.draw(p_gtable)
```

## Introducing ggproto {#ggproto}

Sections \@ref(plot-method) to \@ref(ggplotgtable) focus on the sequence of events involved in building a ggplot, but are intentionally vague as to what kind of programming objects perform this work. 

> All ggplot2 objects are built using the **ggproto** system for object oriented programming, and is unusual in that it is used only by ggplot2. This something of a historical accident: ggplot2 originally used proto [@proto] for object oriented programming, which became a problem once the need for an official extension mechanism arose due to the limitations of the proto system. Attempts to switch ggplot2 to other systems such as R6 [@R6] proved difficult, and creating an object oriented system specific to the needs of ggplot2 turned out to be the least bad solution. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All ggplot2 objects are built using the **ggproto** system for object oriented programming, and is unusual in that it is used only by ggplot2. This is something of a historical accident: ggplot2 originally used proto [@proto] for object oriented programming, which became a problem once the need for an official extension mechanism arose due to the limitations of the proto system. Attempts to switch ggplot2 to other systems such as R6 [@R6] proved difficult, and creating an object oriented system specific to the needs of ggplot2 turned out to be the least bad solution. 
```

> Understanding the ggproto object oriented programming system is important if you wish to write ggplot2 extensions. We will encounter ggproto objects as they are used by ggplot2 in Chapters \@ref(extensions) and \@ref(spring1). Like the better-known R6 system, ggproto uses reference semantics, allowing inheritance and access to methods from parent classes, and is accompanied by a set of design principles that, while not enforced by ggproto, is essential to understanding how the system is used in ggplot2. To illustrate these concepts, this section introduces the core mechanics of ggproto in a simplified form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Understanding the ggproto object oriented programming system is important if you wish to write ggplot2 extensions. We will encounter ggproto objects as they are used by ggplot2 in Chapters \@ref(extensions) and \@ref(spring1). Like the better-known R6 system, ggproto uses reference semantics and allows inheritance and access to methods from parent classes. It is accompanied by a set of design principles that, while not enforced by ggproto, is essential to understanding how the system is used in ggplot2. To illustrate these concepts, this section introduces the core mechanics of ggproto in a simplified form.
```
